Uses Oslo for password hashing (#1782)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/introduction/migrate-from-11.md

- The server/client code separation is no longer necessary. You can now organize
  your code however you want, as long as it's inside the `src` directory.

> - All external imports in your Wasp file must have paths starting with `@src` (e.g., `import foo from '@src/bar.js`)

Reviewer: Better, but still not completely correct :D. Here it is:

```suggestion
- All external imports in your Wasp file must have paths starting with `@src` (e.g., `import foo from '@src/bar.js'`)
```

##### Username & Password

:::caution Users will need to migrate their password
There is a breaking change between the old and the new auth in the way the password is hashed. This means that users will need to migrate their password after the migration, as the old password will no longer work.

> Since users can't reset their password by receiving an email when using the Username & Password auth method, you will need to provide a custom page to migrate the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since users can't reset their password by receiving an email when using the Username & Password auth method. One way to handle this is to inform them about the need to migrate their password (on the login page) and provide a custom page to migrate the password. 
```

:::

<details>
  <summary>
    Steps to create a custom page for migrating the password
  </summary>

  1. You will need to install the `secure-password` and `sodium-native` packages to use the old hashing algorithm:

  ```bash

>   npm install secure-password sodium-native@3.3.0 --save-exact

Reviewer: Maybe we should also provide version of secure-password here. I know it hasn't been updated in 4 years, but in theory it could be updated tomorrow and then we might have problems.

##### Email

:::caution Users will need to reset their password

There is a breaking change between the old and the new auth in the way the password is hashed. This means that users will need to reset their password after the migration, as the old password will no longer work.

> It would be best to notify your users about this change and put a notice on your login page to **request a password reset**.

Reviewer: Can they do this on wrong password? So if users input wrong password, they show them the message? ANy way to do that easily?
